Do you mess around with VR at all? Yes.
A little bit. I have a,
I have an HTC vibe and that's been the most common use of VR.
We have a vibe in the studio and the two games that come into mind the most are
called super hot. I dunno if you've played that? No. And beatsabre.
I try to play, but my kids Don, this the VR thing. Yeah. They,
they come in here and like, get outta here. They push me away and there's a lot.
There's, there's a lot of fun stuff. So I like so, so super hot is a fun one.
It's a shooting game strategy game type of thing. Mm-hmm <affirmative> um,
so you're so the way super you, again, you're in VR.
So you're wearing this thing and it's a bunch of stick is trying to kill you.
And they're running downstairs, running around corners, shooting at you,
trying to kill you, but time only moves when you move.
So if you hold still, you can look around and like,
see in the headset where people are and sort of evaluate like, okay, I can,
I can pick up this object and hurt somebody with it. This is.
It right here. Yeah. This is the game. It's very crude looking the, yeah.
It's super basic graphics again. Stick figures, trying to kill you. Yeah.
But it's like a strategy game in that you sort of have to evaluate
where you're at and not look around too much.
And then as soon as you start to move and throw things,
everyone else is trying to kill you also. Huh?
And so you can sort of Dodge bullets as they come around because you don't move
when you see them flying through the air.
There's a lot of cool stuff to this game. So I got really into it.
I didn't get to this level, which is probably, yeah,
you gotta Dodge all these bullets flying at you turn around,
throw something at 'ems.
A lot. There's a boxing game. Well, there's several boxing games, but VR. Yeah.
God that are really good. Wow. And they are, they give you,
you a workout because there's a guy in front of you and he's throwing punches
and you're bobbing and weeding. Is they like full speed. You're punching at him.
Yeah. Yeah. And they look good. Like, it looks like, like,
like you're in the,
the ring and the guy's looking at you he's mean muy and throws,
punches your way. Wow. And when you get hit, you see a flash of white <laugh>.
That's.
So good. Yeah. I wanna try that now.
It's really fun. But I think with the, with the haptic feedback suit,
especially if you could put something, there it is right here.
This is the new one. This is the pre new one.
The creed video I was telling you about. Oh, see, based off of the rock.
New Rocky movie. Oh, you can block. Yeah. Follow.
Up. Damaging regions, kinda exposed by.
Bro rock. You.
Could hear Rockys your chain in this, look at this that's so,
but when you're doing it, like we, we did it out here in the hallway.
My feet were hurting cuz I was moving and shifting left and right.
And throwing punches and bouncing off my toes. Yeah. And after it was over,
I was like, dude, my feet are exhausted.
<Laugh> yeah. Wow. And you're doing the drills and everything. Yeah. Like.
More so than it would be if I was actually sparring,
because if I was actually sparring, I don't think I would.
I don't think I would throw as many punches in such a quick succession. Yeah.
You'd be more worried about getting hit back and actually getting punched.
But when you're doing it, it's really interesting. Wow. Yeah.
That's I gotta try.
<Laugh> is that Adrian and's book? There's also the, uh,
is this in the V H HTC vibe too? This, yeah. This just came out for all of '.
Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. The other one, the other one's called beat saber.
And it's a, you can think of it as like guitar hero,
but you're holding like light saber as controls. Oh yeah. Love that.
And they're going past you. I love.
That game and things are flying that you and you're hitting them. Yeah. That,
that is a really well done game.
There's a bunch of really well done once. There's a,
there's a great one that you're in a castle and you have, uh,
like an old school bow and arrow. And then there's these almost like south park,
look at monsters coming towards.
Your way. Yeah. And they're like, it's still kind of car cartoony.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but like the graphics are crisp enough that you like,
feel like you're a cartoon character in a way. Yeah. It's it's.
Pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's really cool. And you, you know,
like there's actual physics to the arrow, like when you shoot it,
like you have to lift your arm up to get the arc of the arrow, correct.
To hit it things. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. That's good. I, so I, I think about VR a lot,
just because as a video maker,
you're making content for the platform that people view it on.
And we started to get this little creeping up of like 360 videos getting really
good and like interesting applications of, of 360 video.
And it's still kind of early and I don't really know if it's gonna take off or
it's if it's just this like medium stepping stone format to what might be a
more immersive thing or maybe just AR is gonna be way better. I don't,
I don't know yet, but I pay a lot of attention to it just cuz it's it's new.
That's.
Interesting. Yeah. AR is fascinating as well. I mean we, we, we discussed,
what was it? Magic leap. Is that what it was?
The Microsoft one <affirmative> no, that that's.
The other one. Yeah. Hololen is Microsoft and then magic leap is its own thing.
Yeah. I haven't tried either actually.
Yet. And which one was the one where the ballerina was dancing in your hand?
That's magic. Magic leap. Yeah.
But which one is that the one that people are saying is kind of vaporware.
Sort of, sort of, I mean, I would imagine that.
That screen on that phone would have some sort of similar I
technology it's like light field technology.
So I didn't even talk about that. Doing weird stuff with your eyes.
This's weird. So this phone has a, what are they calling it?
I'm not, I'm not remember what they're calling it. Oh, is there,
I need wifi for it actually. Uh, it's got a, a 3d screen,
a glasses list, 3d here's the, um, Uh, and you,
you basically,
it has a 3d screen and you look at media on it and it's supposed to sort of pop
out that's the password at the.
Top. Okay. Yeah. Uh, doesn't have to be lower case. There's a lower case. No,
no.
Doesn't which one is it? This, this.
One here. Um, T that.
One. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Uh, but basically it's supposed,
it can look like that,
but you can't have things actually popping out above the screen.
So things on the screen will look 3d, but anything like outside of the screen,
won't, it's kind of hard to explain. Wow.
And so this is for video games or for other things as well.
So at this point, what they're trying to do is have, uh, media,
like photos and videos, pop, pop out, like pop out.
So not just games to they're gonna have games as well,
but they have shared with me a couple of like media files that are
like a good use of the 3d. And I'm,
I'm curious what you think of them because they're definitely like a stretch.
But.
If I, so it's hologram me, hololog.
Holographic is the word they use, but it's,
it's hard to explain and it's kind of trippy.
Whoa, dude, this is weird. <laugh>.
And there's, there's different. Like,
so there's a movie trailer version of it where there's like things coming
towards you. And I think that's maybe the best use of it. I've seen, uh,
it's impossible to show on camera. I've tried many different times, many.
This will never show up on camera. This is, but this is odd.
Yeah. They're an issue.
Like people have to make stuff for this. Yes. So,
so any content you have to shoot four, four of you,
they call it four of you or they can take existing content and
convert it to four view, but that's a little less successful. Usually
<laugh> this is really strange, but the cameras on the back,
they have two cameras on the back and you can shoot four of you with the cameras
on the hydrogen.
It's crazy. Well, what, what I'm looking at right now is, uh,
topographic maps. Yeah. Ask you.
About that too.
Wow. Made. So.
There's, it's, it's hard to tell again,
like I try to separate things into buckets of this is something you're gonna use
every day and love, or this is a total gimick that you'll never use again.
And I IME, I started with it in the bucket of this is kind of like a gimmick,
but they've put so much effort into making it good and
all these different conversion techniques. And what's great about what Danny's.
Chosen to do is the.
Middle, let see if I can find a clip, but they've,
they've been constantly changing the algorithms and adjusting it and updating it
to look better that it's starting to convince me that it might be
like worth paying attention to for more than just the first two seconds.
This is amazing.
Do you think you would like use it all the time? No.
Never use it. No <laugh> but it's still amazing, but it's still pretty cool.
Right? It's it's very cool.
But how much better is it than regular video?
That, that, and how long can you like look at it?
Eyes start to tweak a little bit.
Yeah. I'm I'm already going like, but it looks good.
It definitely looks really good. It looks cool. It's kind of interesting. Yeah.
But.
So you can take,
you can take photos and videos with the camera on the phone that are in this 3d
and that's maybe the best use of it.
Cuz then you can see like what's actually in the room around you,
the way it would show up in like a direct translation.
And how much of an impact does it have on storage size?
Uh, not much. I mean,
there's still video files and there are like big 4k videos,
but they're not necessarily twice as big or anything like.
That. It looks cool. But, but then here's regular video looks.
Pretty cool too. When you go into the view finder and you go from 2d to 3d,
then you can take photos and videos of things wow.
In that format. So if you, whoa, this.
Is weird, man.
Take a,
if you take a capture and then look at it and you kind of like move the phone
around a little bit, it's kind of like shimmery in a weird way,
but kind of 3d sort of.
This is very.
Odd. It's very hard to explain. Yeah. You, you.
Would have to look at this through this thing.
Like you would never be able to show this to someone in a video. Yeah, exactly.
Exactly. Like I'm looking at these, uh, plastic cell little, uh,
figuring and as I move forward and backward, you really get a sense of 3d.
Yeah. That's actually pretty badass. So.
I gotta figure out how to show it in the video of like you can't.
I just have to describe it. I have to use my.
Words. God, that's amazing. Yeah. And that's well, it's probably coming.
That's probably coming.
It's probably gonna be something we're all gonna have to deal with.
Yeah. I'm interested. Uh, if you ask red, they'll tell you, yeah,
this is the future. Everything's gonna be like this. I'm like, uh, you got,
I think you have to say that at this point there much 3d movies.
Were a big deal. Yeah. You get those stupid glasses.
And yeah. <laugh> I mean that, so their claim is like, yes, this is what's,
it's genuinely good. Like you can use it in portrait and landscape.
Glassesless 3d is you usually only one way or the other cuz of polarization.
So this is a lticicular technology. I don't know exactly how it works,
but you can use it in portrait or landscape.
You can play games with it and things will react in depth of space on,
in the game. Well.
The first video that you show me is really interesting too,
because it's essentially like a topographic map. Yeah. So.
It's a like, so you're, you're paying attention to depth.
Yeah. You're looking at the, the layers of the mountain and the hillside. Yeah.
It's like.
Ooh. So yeah. It's.
But this actually was kind of weirder,
like seeing these little figurines and moving towards them in real life.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's what I think is, uh,
that's the best way to calibrate to your eye? Like what it's doing,
if you just look at like a video of it, you're like, all right, it looks 3d.
Like it's coming at me and they had a couple, uh,
like a movie trailer type of thing where like, again,
like it was mostly shot for this format and things would like kind of go past
you and the speakers are also really good.
So they have this sort of a 3d conversion technique for audio as well,
where it's sort of goes behind you. But yeah. It's,
it's definitely interesting.
Yeah. Um, did you mess around with Google glasses when they first came out?
I did. Yeah. Yeah. What did you think? Okay, this is,
this is gonna be something.
I guess I probably did. I, it was, uh,
glass was weird. It was ahead of its time, but also like, not really. Yeah.
Like I, I, I had it. I was in college also. So it was like,
I can't wear it to class or like walk around,
I guess I could walk around Hoboken with it.
But the whole idea of an augmented reality,
this little screen that I could just check the weather and then look back down
or check my texts and look back down and was like, oh, that could be cool.
But also if you look at someone wearing Google glass,
it's like that guy's wearing Google glass. Yeah. You can't,
you can't get around it.
Well, people would get angry at people for wearing it too.
Cause I had a camera in.
It filming me. What are you doing? Yeah. Yeah.
So that was another thing is I tried, uh, I won't even say the name,
but like another, like much newer version of that, where again, it was like a,
a small projection to a prism that would, you could see,
but no one else could and it would fit into something that looked more like
regular glasses. So it had a battery, it had everything,
but it didn't have a camera.
And you still had a screen that you could look up into the corner too. Hmm.
And I was like, well,
I wonder if I'll notice the difference between regular glasses and I it down.
And I like met the guys who were showing it to me in the lobby and immediately I
was like that guy's wearing it. I can see it.
I could see the little light in his eye. Oh, I could see like the,
the extra thick glasses. So it was like, it's,
it's an interesting concept.
And I don't know where it goes from here,
if it has to be glasses based or if we'll eventually have a,
some sort of a chip in our eye or what the deal is, what, what the next move is.
But it's a cool concept. Yeah. It's.
One of those things that sort of, it's kind of been flirting with.
Like for the longest time people thought virtual reality was going to be,
I mean, there was virtual reality concepts 20 years ago. Yeah.
And people thought virtual reality was gonna be the future. And then it,
it took a long time for the hardware to.
Catch up. I think augmented reality has a more promising, immediate future.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> just because it's more useful. Yeah. Um,
but virtual reality has like the immersion factor going for it.
The problem is you have to make a, you have to make a whole world.
So augmented reality is just like some layer on top of your current world.
So you get like a little screen or whatever,
or you look at one particular thing and it looks different from real life.
That's easier to build for virtual reality.
You have to build the whole world that you yeah. Step into.
And that's like a much, much, uh,
deep per layer of immersion, which is great to step into, but also hard to make.
So that's the difference. I think I'm more into AR at the moment.
Well,
I think AR in a sense of having all the functions of your phone in front of you
in the air, when you call upon them, you know? Yeah. Kinda.
Like a movie. Yeah. Like a, like when someone in a movie or like Ironman,
even like they just like whoop out like a sheet of like buttons in front of them
and like close it only they could see that like maybe that's the.
Future and to have some hay sir type, you know, hopefully not demand. Yeah.
Not sir. Terrible. SIR's not that good. It works for some things.